I added a starting screen where the game player has to press the space key to begin playing the game. I added four spider logos that rotate at the 4 corners of the screen. 
The rotation of the spider logos is supposed to symbolize a loading screen or a waiting screen.   
The starting screen alternates between the colors red and blue slowly not fast, even though the first color of the starting screen is black. 

My game is unique because my main character(Entity) can move up and down, left, right 
My main character can go around the screen boundaries, like for example if it goes past the upper boundary of the screen it will respawn at the bottom of the screen. 
If main character goes past the right boundary screen it will respawn at the left boundary of the screen
If main character goes past the left boundary screen it will respawn at the right boundary of the screen
If main character goes past the bottom boundary screen it will respawn at the upper boundary of the screen

I added animations for my main character for moving down, moving up, and moving right. 
If main character moves right he will swing right.
if main character moves down he will climb down.
If main character moves up he will jump up, even though the animation is not the best.
For moving left the main character is only show one sprite. 

My enemy Entity moves randomly vertically, or horizontally. I implemented random movment for my enemy that does not go past the boundaries of the screen. 

I added an background and the background changes, the background alternates between night and day, acting like time has passed. 

I added an ending screen that the player sees if he or she dies. 
If the game player dies the screen will not close instead a logo will appear saying the main character is dead and the game player can replay the game. 
The player can replay the game by pressing the space key and the game will restart. Or the player can quit the game by pressing the X buttom on the top right of glfw window.

The user can if he wants close the glfw screen with the X buttom on the top right, I did some research on that and implemented the function, using 
bridge design pattern hiding the glfw function from the game user.

While the player decides on whether he or she wants to play the game again four spider logos, will rotate at the 4 corners of the screen. 
The rotation of the spider logos is supposed to symbolize a loading screen or a waiting screen.  

